View in English Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Developer Search Cancel Apple Developer News Discover Design Develop Distribute Support Account Cancel Only search within “” Quick Links 5 Quick Links Apple Intelligence Open Menu Close Menu Overview Get Started Apple Intelligence Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that puts powerful generative models right at the core of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac and powers incredible new features to help users communicate, work, and express themselves. You can bring these Apple Intelligence features right into your apps. Writing Tools Writing Tools are available system-wide, and help users rewrite, proofread, and summarize text. If you’re using any of the standard UI frameworks to render text fields, your app will automatically get the ability to use Writing Tools. And with the TextView delegate API, you can customize how you want your app to behave while Writing Tools is active — for example, by pausing syncing to avoid conflicts while Apple Intelligence is processing text. Get started with Writing Tools Image Playground Image Playground delivers an easy-to-use experience to create fun, playful images in apps like Messages, Notes, Keynote, Pages and more. Using the Image Playground API, you can add the same experience to your app and enable your users to quickly create delightful images using context from within your app. And because images are created entirely on device, you don’t have to develop or host your own models for your users to enjoy creating new images in your app. Genmoji Genmoji opens up entirely new ways to communicate, letting users create a new emoji to match any moment. While emoji are represented as text, Genmoji are represented as inline images. If you are using standard UI frameworks to render text fields, you can support Genmoji easily. For other situations, Genmoji are supported using AttributedString, a data type for representing rich text with graphics. Bring expression to your app with Genmoji Siri with App Intents Siri is more natural, more personal, and more deeply integrated into the system. Apple Intelligence is being designed to give Siri enhanced action capabilities, and developers can take advantage of predefined and pretrained App Intents schemas across a range of domains to not only give Siri the ability to take actions in your app, but to make your app’s actions more discoverable in places like Spotlight, the Shortcuts app, Control Center, and more. And with App Entities, Siri's redesign is being crafted to understand content from your app and provide users with information from your app from anywhere in the system. SiriKit adopters will benefit from Siri’s enhanced conversational capabilities with no additional work. Siri’s personal context understanding, onscreen awareness, and in-app actions are in development and will be available with a future software update. Bring your app to Siri What’s new in App Intents Get ready Apple Intelligence is available in beta and requires iOS 18.1 or later, iPadOS 18.1 or later, or macOS 15.1 or later. Get started with the APIs, documentation, videos, and forums. Get the latest tools and beta SDKs Browse the latest documentation Watch the latest session videos Ask questions on the forums Developer Footer Apple Intelligence Platforms Open Menu Close Menu iOS iPadOS macOS tvOS visionOS watchOS Tools Open Menu Close Menu Swift SwiftUI Swift Playground TestFlight Xcode Xcode Cloud SF Symbols Topics & Technologies Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Accessories App Extensions App Store Audio & Video Augmented Reality Design Distribution Education Fonts Games Health & Fitness In-App Purchase Localization Maps & Location Machine Learning Open Source Security Safari & Web Resources Open Menu Close Menu Documentation Tutorials Downloads Forums Videos Support Open Menu Close Menu Support Articles Contact Us Bug Reporting System Status Account Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer App Store Connect Certificates, IDs, & Profiles Feedback Assistant Programs Open Menu Close Menu Apple Developer Program Apple Developer Enterprise Program App Store Small Business Program MFi Program News Partner Program Video Partner Program Security Bounty Program Security Research Device Program Events Open Menu Close Menu Meet with Apple Apple Developer Centers App Store Awards Apple Design Awards Apple Developer Academies WWDC Get the Apple Developer app. Light Dark Auto Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Agreements and Guidelines