Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ iPhone 16e Local Nav Menu Local Nav Menu Overview Switch from Android to iPhone Tech Specs Buy iPhone 16e Now through June 18, get extra trade‑in credit toward a new iPhone.* Buy iPhone 16e Latest iPhone. Greatest price. Built for Apple Intelligence. Buy 1 Buy 1 See the iPhone 16e in action. Watch the filmWatch in ASLWatch the iPhone 16e film Get the highlights. Item 1 Item 2 Item 3 Item 4 Item 5 Beautiful, durable design. Built to last. Built for Apple Intelligence.2 Powered by A18, the latest‑generation chip. Supersized battery life. Up to 26 hours of video playback.3 48MP Fusion camera. All you need. For all you shoot. iOS 18. Customize. Stylize. Mesmerize. Durable design Drop-dead gorgeous. Drop-tested tough. iPhone 16e has an incredible design — inside and out — and is available in an elegant black or white finish. Made from durable aerospace‑grade aluminum, the enclosure on iPhone 16e is built to go the distance and survive life’s oops, whoops, and oh nooos. View in your space Ceramic Shield Tougher than any smartphone glass. The front of iPhone 16e is protected by Ceramic Shield, which is tougher than any smartphone glass and ready to handle all of those real‑life situations. And iPhone 16e is resistant to splashes, water, and dust.4 Action button A fast track to your favorite feature. With a press you can use visual intelligence5, call your best friend, launch your favorite app, and more. USB-C One. For all. iPhone 16e has USB‑C, a port for charging and connecting other Apple devices and a wide variety of accessories. Face ID Put your best face forward. Use Face ID to securely unlock, sign in to apps, and pay with just a glance. Colors Colors? We’ve got you covered. Choose from two timeless colors. Accessorize with gorgeous cases. It’s one beautiful and stylish iPhone that goes with everything. 6.1‑inch Super Retina XDR display6 Stunning. It runs in the family. With the same great contrast ratio as iPhone 16, the brilliant edge‑to‑edge OLED display on iPhone 16e is perfect for watching shows, playing games, or reading. All-day battery life From dusk till dawn. And beyond. iPhone 16e has supersized battery life — up to 6 hours longer in your day than iPhone 11, and up to 12 hours longer in your day than iPhone SE. It’s the best battery life in an iPhone this size. The remarkable power efficiency of Apple silicon — including the first Apple-designed modem, C1 — and iOS means iPhone 16e gets up to 26 hours of video playback.3 That’s more time to text, browse, and binge movies and shows. Compare with iPhone 16e battery iPhone 11 iPhone SE (2nd gen) iPhone 12 iPhone 12 mini iPhone SE (3rd gen) Up to 9 more hours video playback on iPhone 16e3 Up to 13 more hours video playback on iPhone 16e3 Up to 9 more hours video playback on iPhone 16e3 Up to 11 more hours video playback on iPhone 16e3 Up to 11 more hours video playback on iPhone 16e3 A18 chip Future-proof your fast. iPhone 16e has the latest‑generation chip, making everything from scrolling through photos to creating images with Apple Intelligence run fast and smooth. And with the 4‑core GPU, even the most demanding mobile games play effortlessly and come to life through blazing-fast graphics. Compare with iPhone 16e CPU and GPU performance iPhone 11 iPhone SE (2nd gen) iPhone 12 iPhone 12 mini iPhone SE (3rd gen) Up to 80% faster CPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 70% faster GPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 90% faster CPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 2× faster GPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 50% faster CPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 50% faster GPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 50% faster CPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 50% faster GPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 40% faster CPU performance with iPhone 16e Up to 40% faster GPU performance with iPhone 16e iOS and apps Make it yours. For years to come. When you use an iPhone, you’re using the incredibly intuitive and reliable iOS that gives you seamless ways to share photos and files, connect with friends and family, and more. With iOS 18, you can customize your iPhone Home Screen and Lock Screen. And the powerful A18 chip provides an extraordinary iOS experience — as well as ensuring that your iPhone 16e will be ready for future updates. Learn more about iOS 18 AI‑opening possibilities. iPhone 16e is built for Apple Intelligence, the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. Create your own emoji, edit a photo with Clean Up, and more. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple. Boost your productivity Writing Tools can proofread your text and rewrite different versions until the tone and wording are just right, and summarize selected text with a tap. They’re available nearly everywhere you write, including third-party apps. You can even describe a change, like “make this dinner invitation more welcoming.” Priority messages in Mail elevate time-sensitive messages to the top of your inbox — like an invitation that has a deadline today or a check-in reminder for your flight this afternoon. Just hit record in the Notes or Phone app to capture audio recordings and transcripts. Apple Intelligence generates summaries of your transcripts, so you can get the most important info at a glance. Express yourself visually Make a Genmoji right in the keyboard to match any conversation. Want to create a chicken with a backpack? You got it. Just provide a description. The Image Playground app lets you create unique images in distinct styles based on a description, a concept, or even a person from your Photos library. Experiment with image styles like animation, illustration, and sketch.7 Image Wand can transform your rough sketch into a polished image in the Notes app. Use your finger to draw a circle around your sketch, or simply circle an empty space, and Image Wand analyzes the content around it to produce a complementary visual. With Clean Up, you can remove distracting background objects from your photos with just a tap — so you can perfect a shot while staying true to the original image.8 The start of a new era for Siri With all‑new design, richer language understanding, and expansive product knowledge about your devices, Siri is more helpful than ever. Siri can even tap into ChatGPT to bring additional answers right to you. Richer language understanding and an enhanced voice make communicating with Siri even more natural. For example, if you stumble over your words, Siri still knows what you’re getting at. Not sure how to do something on iPhone, like set a text message to send later? With expansive product knowledge, Siri can give you step‑by‑step instructions in a snap. Great powers come with great privacy. Apple Intelligence is designed to protect your privacy at every step. It’s integrated into the core of iPhone through on‑device processing. So it’s aware of your personal information without collecting your personal information. And with groundbreaking Private Cloud Compute, Apple Intelligence can draw on larger Apple‑designed server‑based models, running on Apple silicon, to handle more complex requests for you while protecting your privacy. Learn more about Apple Intelligence 48MP Fusion camera A camera so advanced, it’s like getting two in one. The redesigned 48MP Fusion camera has the capabilities of two cameras in one. The 48MP sensor allows for up to 4x the resolution of older iPhone models9 — so you can capture stunning super‑high‑resolution images that balance both light and detail. The integrated 2x telephoto lets you zoom in with optical quality. Plus, you can shoot incredible 4K video in Dolby Vision with high-quality audio that makes it sound as good as it looks. iPhone 16e has the same great resolution as all iPhone 16 models. Pause Play Replay Shoot theater-worthy videos Your photos and videos look amazing. Item 1 Item 2 Item 3 Item 4 Item 5 Item 6 1x Fusion 26 mm 2x Telephoto Portrait mode Night mode Enhanced low light 4K video Visual intelligence See the world through an entirely new lens. Use visual intelligence5 through the Action button or Control Center to instantly learn about objects and places you see. Just point your iPhone 16e to discover more or interact with something in front of you. Pull up reviews of a restaurant you pass, search for where to buy a new item you spotted, and more. Video Turn moments into movies. Film gorgeous, smooth videos of epic moments and day‑to‑day life on both the front and back cameras in 4K Dolby Vision with up to 60 fps HDR video. Wind noise reduction Tell the wind to shhhhhh. iPhone 16e reduces unwanted wind noise — so you’ll be able to hear people in your videos with clear audio, even if it was gusty when you were recording. Audio Mix Make your voice heard. Audio Mix lets you adjust the way voices sound in your videos using three different voice options. Want to decrease background sound? Or just focus on the voices that are in frame? Simply select the mix and adjust intensity to get the sound you want after capturing video. Pause and record Film multiple scenes in one shot. Tap the Record button to start taking a video, then tap the Pause button. Tap Record again to resume recording and repeat as needed. The final video will have everything you wanted to capture, but nothing you didn’t. Connectivity Peace of mind. On and off the grid. iPhone 16e comes with Wi‑Fi, 5G connectivity,10 and eSIM.11 This means your calls are clear, your connections are superfast, and activating or adding a cellular plan digitally is easy and secure. With features like Crash Detection12 and Emergency SOS Live Video, iPhone 16e helps you get the emergency assistance you need when it counts the most. And for times you’re without cell service or Wi‑Fi, our latest iPhone models, including iPhone 16e, can even connect to a satellite to send messages and more.13 Superfast 5G capabilities eSIM Crash Detection Satellite features free for two years Learn about eSIM Discover more satellite features Satellite features Bye-bye, signal? Hello, satellite. Ways to connect that are out of this world. Sometimes literally. Messages via satellite. iPhone lets you send and receive messages and Tapbacks when you’re off the grid, right from the Messages app. Your iPhone will help you connect to a satellite, so you can text over iMessage or SMS.13 Roadside Assistance via satellite. Get help for things like a flat tire or a dead car battery. iPhone will connect you with a roadside assistance provider, who can dispatch help to your exact location — even if you’re off the grid.14 See how Roadside Assistance works Emergency SOS via satellite. If you try calling 911 for urgent help but don’t have cell service or Wi‑Fi, you can use iPhone to text emergency services over satellite.13 See how Emergency SOS via satellite works Find My via satellite. You can use the Find My app to share your location via satellite when you don’t have cell service or Wi-Fi. There’s never been a better time to upgrade. Select an iPhone to compare to iPhone 16e: iPhone 11 iPhone SE (2nd gen) iPhone 12 iPhone 12 mini iPhone SE (3rd gen) A few ways iPhone 16e gives you more. Built for Apple Intelligence2 Up to 80% faster CPU performance Up to 9 more hours video playback3 Super-high-resolution 48MP photos Satellite features Durable design with Ceramic Shield Built for Apple Intelligence2 Up to 90% faster CPU performance Up to 13 more hours video playback3 Super-high-resolution 48MP photos Satellite features Durable design with Ceramic Shield Built for Apple Intelligence2 Up to 50% faster CPU performance Up to 9 more hours video playback3 Super-high-resolution 48MP photos Satellite features USB‑C Convenient charging and connection Built for Apple Intelligence2 Up to 50% faster CPU performance Up to 11 more hours video playback3 Super-high-resolution 48MP photos Satellite features USB‑C Convenient charging and connection Built for Apple Intelligence2 Up to 40% faster CPU performance Up to 11 more hours video playback3 Super-high-resolution 48MP photos Satellite features Durable design with Ceramic Shield Get credit toward a new iPhone when you trade in an eligible device. See what your device is worth Values Designed to make a difference. iPhone 16e contains over 30% recycled content.15 And iPhone 16e uses 85% recycled aluminum in the enclosure. Learn more about Apple and the environment Privacy is a fundamental human right. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. Learn more about Apple and privacy The best technology works for everyone. That’s why our products and services are inclusive by design. Learn more about Apple and accessibility Why Apple is the best place to buy iPhone. Shop iPhone Save with Apple Trade In. And now through June 18, get extra trade‑in credit toward a new iPhone.* Apple Trade In Trade in your eligible device for credit. Just add a trade‑in when you choose a new product. Once your eligible device has been received and verified, we’ll credit the value to your payment method. Or choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments and we’ll apply the credit instantly. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Trade In Pay over time, interest‑free. When you choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments.16 Ways to Buy Apple Card Monthly Installments. Pay for your new iPhone over time, interest‑free with Apple Card.16 Simply choose to check out with Apple Card Monthly Installments as your payment option when you make your purchase. And enjoy 3% Daily Cash back, all up front. Terms apply. Learn more about Apple Card Monthly Installments Apple. Your one-stop shop for incredible carrier deals. Get up to $383–$899 in credit on a new iPhone with AT&T, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. Trade‑in may be required.17 Get flexible delivery and easy pickup. Choose from two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup options. Delivery & Pickup Flexible delivery and pickup options. Get your new Apple products quickly and easily with 2‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free next‑day delivery, or convenient Apple pickup options. Learn more, delivery and pickup options Shop live with a Specialist. Let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions. Guided Video Shopping Shop live with a Specialist. We can help you choose the product you need while guiding you through the online Apple Store. You won’t appear on camera. Available 7 a.m.—7 p.m. PT. Shop together with a Specialist Join an online Personal Setup session. Talk one on one with a Specialist to set up your iPhone and discover new features. Personal Setup Jump into online, one‑on‑one sessions. When you buy your new iPhone directly from Apple, you’ll get access to Personal Setup. In these online sessions, a Specialist can guide you through setup and data transfer or focus on features that help you make the most of your iPhone. Best of all, you can join whenever works for you, from wherever you are. Learn more about your new iPhone Explore a shopping experience designed around you. Use the Apple Store app to get a more personal way to shop. Apple Store App Shop in the Apple Store app, tailored specifically for you. Get personalized product recommendations, compare models, access your Saved Items, and track your orders. Plus, opt in today to get updates on new products, promotions, flexible payment options, and store events. Scan the QR code to get started. Download the Apple Store app Keep exploring iPhone. Explore all iPhone iPhone 16e iPhone 16e White Black +more 1 Currently viewing, iPhone 16e Buy Apple Intelligence2 A18 chip with 4‑core GPU — Camera control not applicable two-in-one camera system2‑in‑1 camera system 48MP Fusion camera 2x Telephoto — 12MP Ultra Wide camera not applicable Up to 26 hours video playback3 iPhone 16 iPhone 16 Ultramarine Teal Pink White Black +more 1 Learn more Buy Apple Intelligence2 A18 chip with 5‑core GPU Camera Control Advanced dual‑camera system Advanced 48MP Fusion camera 2x Telephoto 12MP Ultra Wide camera Up to 27 hours video playback3 Compare all iPhone models iPhone Apple Footer * Get extra trade‑in credit when you trade in an eligible iPhone and purchase a new eligible Apple device through June 18, 2025. Additional terms from Apple or Apple’s trade‑in partners may apply. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. Financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select Citizens One Apple iPhone Payments or Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as your payment type at checkout at Apple. You’ll need to select AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon as your carrier when you checkout. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at special storefronts. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI financing is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to, installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI. Additional Citizens One Apple iPhone Payments terms are here. Apple Intelligence is available in beta on all iPhone 16 models, iPhone 15 Pro, and iPhone 15 Pro Max, with Siri and device language set to Chinese (Simplified), English (Australia, Canada, India, Ireland, New Zealand, Singapore, South Africa, UK, or U.S.), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil), or Spanish, as an iOS 18 update, with more languages coming over the course of the year, including Vietnamese. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. Battery life claim refers to larger models. All battery claims depend on network configuration and many other factors; actual results will vary. Battery has limited recharge cycles and may eventually need to be replaced. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. See apple.com/batteries and apple.com/iphone/battery.html for more information. iPhone 16 models are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP68 under IEC standard 60529 (maximum depth of 6 meters up to 30 minutes). Splash, water, and dust resistance are not permanent conditions. Resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and drying instructions. Liquid damage not covered under warranty. Visual intelligence is available in iOS 18.2 or later on iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Plus, iPhone 16 Pro, and iPhone 16 Pro Max; iOS 18.3 or later on iPhone 16e; and iOS 18.4 or later on iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. Apple Intelligence must be on to use visual intelligence. The display has rounded corners that follow a beautiful curved design, and these corners are within a standard rectangle. When measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screen is 6.06 inches (iPhone 16e), 6.12 inches (iPhone 16), 6.69 inches (iPhone 16 Plus), 6.27 inches (iPhone 16 Pro), or 6.86 inches (iPhone 16 Pro Max) diagonally. Actual viewable area is less. Some features will become available in software updates in the coming months. Clean Up is available in beta on all iPhone 16 models, iPhone 15 Pro, iPhone 15 Pro Max, iPad mini (A17 Pro), and iPad and Mac with M1 and later, as part of an iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia update. Applies to iPhone 14, iPhone 14 Plus, and older. Excludes iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max. Data plan required. 5G is available in select markets and through select carriers. For details on 5G support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/iphone/cellular. iPhone 14, iPhone 15, and iPhone 16 models are activated with an eSIM and do not support a physical SIM. Use of an eSIM requires a carrier that supports eSIM and a wireless service plan (which may include restrictions on switching service providers and roaming, even after contract expiration). See your carrier for details. To learn more, visit apple.com/esim. iPhone 16 models can detect a severe car crash and call for help. Requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling. Roadside Assistance, Emergency SOS, and Messages via satellite are included for free for two years with the activation of any iPhone 14 or later model. Connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. Messages via satellite requires a carrier plan. SMS messaging via satellite is available on supported carriers. SMS message rates may apply. See support.apple.com/kb/HT213885 for more information. Fees are determined by the roadside assistance provider, and can vary based on your location and the type of assistance provided. See support.apple.com/105098 for more information. Product recycled or renewable content is the mass of certified recycled material relative to the overall mass of the device, not including packaging or in-box accessories. Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See support.apple.com/102730 for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of January 1, 2025, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 18.24% to 28.49%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers: AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI. To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch. Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Goldman Sachs Bank USA for Apple Card and Savings accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. If you reside in the U.S. territories, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card. AT&T iPhone 16e Special Deal: Buy an iPhone 16e 128 GB and get $383.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. Buy an iPhone 16e 256 GB and get $303.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. Buy an iPhone 16e 512 GB and get $323.36 in bill credits applied over 36 months. Requires upgrade of an existing line (or activation of a new line) and purchase on qualifying 36-month 0% APR installment plan, subject to carrier credit qualification. $0 down for well-qualified customers only, or down payment may be required and depends on a variety of factors. Tax on full retail price due at sale. Requires activation on eligible AT&T unlimited plan. AT&T may temporarily slow data speeds if the network is busy. If you cancel eligible wireless service, credits will stop and you will owe the remaining device balance. Activation/Upgrade Fee: $35. Bill credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 36-month installment plan. Credits start within 3 bills. Will receive catch-up credits once credits start. Wireless line must be on an installment agreement, active, and in good standing for 30 days to qualify. Installment agreement starts when device is shipped. To get all credits, device must remain on agreement for entire term and you must keep eligible service on device for entire installment term. Limited-time offer; subject to change. Limits: one credit per line. May not be combinable with other offers, discounts, or credits. Purchase, financing, other limits, and restrictions apply. Activation required. T‑Mobile iPhone 16e Special Deal: Monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of T‑Mobile trade‑in credit applied over 24 months with purchase of an iPhone 16e and trade‑in of eligible smartphone. Existing customers: Receive credit with purchase of an iPhone 16e (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) of $899, $800, or $400 for customers on a Go5G Next plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a Go5G Plus plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a Go5G Next 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a Go5G Plus 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $300 or $150 for customers on a Go5G, Magenta, Magenta MAX, or Essentials plan ($60+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable). Must be an existing T‑Mobile customer. Add‑a‑Line customers: Receive credit with purchase of an iPhone 16e (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) of $899, $800, or $400 for customers on a Go5G Next plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a Go5G Plus plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a Go5G Next 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a Go5G Plus 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an Essentials, Magenta/MAX or Go5G plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on an Essentials 55 Choice, Magenta/MAX, or Go5G 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable). Must be a T‑Mobile customer adding a new line to an existing T‑Mobile account. New customers: Receive credit with purchase of an iPhone 16e (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) of $899, $800, or $400 for customers on a Go5G Next plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($100+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on a Go5G Plus plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800, $600, or $300 for customers on a Go5G Next 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($85+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $600 or $300 for customers on a Go5G Plus 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($75+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable); or $800 or $400 for customers on an Essentials or Go5G plan (excluding 55, Military, First Responder plans) ($60+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable; or $600 or $300 for customers on an Essentials 55 Choice, or Go5G 55, Military, or First Responder plan ($45+/mo. plan after AutoPay discount if applicable). Must be a new T‑Mobile customer. Max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. Credit comprised of (i) Apple instant trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) T‑Mobile monthly bill credits applied over 24 months. Allow 2 bill cycles from valid submission and validation of trade‑in. Tax on pre‑credit price due at sale. Limited‑time; subject to change. Qualifying credit, data plan, and trade‑in (e.g., iPhone 15 Pro Max) in good condition required. Max 4 promotions on any iPhone per account. May not be combinable with some offers, discounts, or promotions. Activation required. Contact T‑Mobile before cancelling entire account to continue remaining bill credits, or credits stop & balance on required finance agreement is due. Bill credits end if you pay off early. Verizon iPhone 16e Special Deal: Monthly price (if shown) reflects net monthly payment, after application of Verizon trade‑in credit applied over 36 months with purchase of an iPhone 16e. Existing customers: Customers on an Unlimited Ultimate plan, Unlimited Plus plan, or Unlimited Welcome plan (min. $65/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos) receive $600 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) with purchase of an iPhone 16e. Must be an existing Verizon customer. New or Add‑a‑Line customers: Customers on an Unlimited Ultimate plan, Unlimited Plus plan, or Unlimited Welcome plan (min. $65/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos) receive $600 credit (based upon the model and condition of your trade‑in smartphone) with purchase of a iPhone 16e. Must be a new Verizon customer or adding a new line to an existing Verizon account. Max bill credits will not exceed the cost of the device. Credit comprised of (i) Apple instant trade‑in credit at checkout and (ii) Verizon monthly bill credits applied over 36 months. Customer must remain in the Verizon Device Payment Program for 36 months to receive the full benefit of the Verizon bill credits. Bill credits may take 1‑2 bill cycles to appear. If it takes two cycles for bill credits to appear, you'll see the credit for the first cycle on your second bill in addition to that month's credit. Requires purchase and activation of a new iPhone 16e with the Verizon Device Payment Program at 0% APR for 36 months, subject to carrier credit qualification, and iPhone availability and limits. Taxes and shipping not included in monthly price. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iPhone. Requires eligible unlimited service plan. Requires trade‑in of eligible device in eligible condition. Must be at least 18 to trade‑in. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade‑in transaction for any reason. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo ID (local law may require saving this information). In‑store promotion availability subject to local law; speak to a Specialist to learn more. Limited‑time offer; subject to change. Additional terms from Apple, Verizon, and Apple's trade‑in partners may apply. Activation required. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages and may require specific hardware and software. For more information, see Feature Availability.  Apple iPhone iPhone 16e Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753). United States Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map