Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Batteries Open menu Close menu Why Lithium-ion? Maximizing Performance Service and Recycling Apple Lithium-ion Batteries They’re inside every iPhone, iPad, iPod, Apple Watch, MacBook, and AirPods, helping you do all kinds of things in all kinds of places. Find out more about your battery to get the most out of it throughout its lifespan — and beyond. Why Lithium-ion? Rechargeable lithium-ion technology currently provides the best performance for your device. Compared with older battery types, lithium-ion batteries weigh less, last longer, and charge more efficiently. Learn more about how your battery charges Maximizing Battery Performance The single biggest factor affecting battery life and lifespan is the mix of things you do with your device. Videos and games? Or email and word processing? No matter how you use it, there are ways to extend your battery’s performance. Learn how to get the most out of your battery Service and Recycling All rechargeable batteries have a limited number of charge cycles and may eventually need to be serviced. If you find yourself charging your device more frequently, it might be time for a new battery. Learn how to service and recycle your battery Apple Footer  Apple Batteries Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch Vision AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Card Apple Pay Apple Cash Account Account Manage Your Apple Account Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Group Reservations Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Carrier Deals at Apple Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for College For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Mac in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone and iPad For Government For Government Shop for Government Shop for Veterans and Military Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Inclusion and Diversity Privacy Racial Equity and Justice Supply Chain About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753). United States Copyright © 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map