Skip to main content Login Cart Search Search Submit search query Close out of search Categories Suggestions Plans Plans Unlimited Phone Plans Unlimited Age 55+ Military & Veterans First Responder Home Internet Plans Watch & Tablet Plans Prepaid Phone Plans Phones & devices Phones & devices Cell phones 5G phones Tablets Smartwatches Hotspots & more Accessories Bring your own device Deals Deals See all deals Apple Samsung Motorola Google REVVL Free & Zero Down Phones Coverage Coverage Our network 4G & 5G Coverage map What is 5G Satellite Phone Service Rural & Small Towns Try our network 5G news Home Internet Join Us Join Us Switch to T-Mobile How to switch Help me pick a plan & phone What makes us different Bring your own phone Keep your number Keep & switch Family Freedom Try our network Customer benefits See all benefits TV & streaming Travel benefits Music & concert perks Block scam calls T-Mobile Tuesdays Find a store Contact & support Contact & support 1-800-T-MOBILE Check order status Help & support Cart Search Search Submit search query Close out of search Categories Suggestions My account Login Back to my account Bill pay Add a line Upgrade Check order status Ask the Community more from T-Mobile Wireless Business Prepaid Internet Legal Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Center Check 4G, 5G & T-Mobile Starlink satellite coverage availability in your area. Coverage map Enter your address, zip code, or use the map's location icon to explore coverage in your service area. Coverage map Loading Loading toggleLabel Take the next step. Explore our unlimited plans. Get unlimited data, talk, and text—plus, more benefits you’ll love. Shop plans During congestion, heavy data users (>50GB/mo. for most plans) and customers choosing lower-prioritized plans may notice lower speeds than other customers; see plan for details. Explore our unlimited plans. Discover the latest devices. Save with great deals on 5G phones and more. Shop phones 5G: Capable device required; coverage not available in some areas. Some uses may require certain plan or feature; see plan for details. See full terms Discover the latest devices. Save with great deals on 5G phones and more. While 5G access won't require a certain plan or feature, some uses/services might. See Coverage details, Terms and Conditions, and Open Internet information for network management details (like video optimization). Experience America’s largest and fastest 5G network. Get great value and more 5G coverage across America. Check it out Experience America’s largest and fastest 5G network. Bringing your own phone? It’s an easy and affordable way to join us. First, let’s make sure your phone will give you a great experience on our network. Check compatibility Bringing your own phone? Looking for T-Mobile Home Internet in your area? We’re expanding our coverage every day. Find out if our 5G home internet is available at your address. Address Address should select from dropdown Please choose an address from the list unit # Check availability See plans Address Address should select from dropdown Please choose an address from the list unit # Check availability Check availability See plans Not available in all areas. GO WITH MORE Travel with T‑Mobile. Whether it’s across the country or across the globe, your phone just works. No setup. No data roaming fees. No hidden charges. Check out travel benefits With qualifying plans. Capable device required. Not for extended international use. Coverage not available in some areas. See plan for details. Get full terms Travel with T‑Mobile. Qualifying plan and capable device required. Not for extended international use; you must reside in the U.S. and primary usage must occur on our network before international use. Device must register on our network before international use. Service may be terminated or restricted for excessive roaming. Coverage not available in some areas; we are not responsible for our partners’ networks. TEST-DRIVE T-MOBILE Try T-Mobile for 3 months—FREE. Try T-Mobile for 3 months—FREE. Experience our award-winning network and incredible benefits, including select Magenta Status features like free in-flight Wi-Fi and T-Mobile Tuesdays. Eligible for users not already on the T-Mobile network; 1 trial per user. Compatible unlocked device required. Get full terms Try T-Mobile for 3 months—FREE. Limited time; subject to change. 5G device required to access 5G network. Data available for 3 monthly cycles for approximately 90 days. During congestion, customers on this plan using>50GB/mo. may notice reduced speeds until next monthly cycle due to data prioritization. Video typically streams on smartphone/tablet in SD quality. Tethering not available. Not for international use. Active non-T-Mobile service required; your carrier's terms also apply. You may need to upgrade when you switch to get full coverage. Coverage not available in some areas. See Network Management Policies and Terms and Conditions (including arbitration provision) at T-Mobile.com for additional information. More about coverage Do I have a 5G tower near me? Check your 4G LTE & 5G coverage map above. If your area shows 5G coverage then a cell site is likely providing service to your area. What is 5G coverage? What’s the difference between 4G LTE and 5G? 5G is the fifth generation of wireless network technology, designed to meet today’s growing data demands while expanding the scope of mobile technology beyond the capabilities of LTE. With 5G, large amounts of data can be transmitted much more efficiently than with 4G LTE, and that means faster speeds, less lag, and the ability to handle many more connections without buffering. Over time, these improvements will unlock amazing innovations and transform the way we live, work, and play. Learn more about 5G How can I get 5G? Do I need to pay extra? You’ll need a 5G-capable device to access T‑Mobile's 5G network. If you have a 5G-capable device, good news—5G access is included in all our plans, at no additional cost. Don’t have a 5G device just yet? No worries, our 4G LTE network has you covered just about everywhere. How am I covered internationally? With eligible T‑Mobile plans, you can get international coverage in 215+ countries and destinations. Check all destinations See plans The 5G coverage map doesn’t show any 5G coverage in my area yet. When will 5G be available for me? We’re rapidly building out our 5G network—98% of Americans have 5G coverage from T‑Mobile today. While 5G grows, you can rely on our 4G LTE network that covers 99% of Americans. When will Ultra Capacity 5G come to my area? We're already nationwide with Ultra Capacity 5G and plan to reach 300 million Americans by the end of this year. What should I know about the T-Mobile 4G LTE & 5G coverage Maps published by the FCC? Under the new Broadband DATA (Deployment Accuracy and Technological Availability) Act, all providers of fixed broadband or mobile services, including T‑Mobile, provide the FCC with specific information about where our services are available. The information submitted to the FCC provides detail on our 4G LTE & 5G coverage, specifically where customers may experience certain tiers of speed; it will be refreshed every six months. Is 5G faster than LTE? Does 5G have better coverage? 5G is faster than 4G LTE, but actual speeds may vary depending on your device and network conditions. On average, 5G can deliver speeds 5x as fast as 4G LTE. Both 4G LTE and 5G coverage depend on how many towers are equipped with the right equipment. Today, T‑Mobile’s 4G LTE coverage reaches 99% of Americans, with 5G close behind at 98% of Americans and still growing. Can Sprint customers access T-Mobile’s 5G network? Yes, Sprint customers with a capable device can access T‑Mobile’s 5G network, but due to technical limitations, some parts of T‑Mobile’s 5G network aren’t available to Sprint customers yet. To view Sprint’s 5G coverage, visit the Sprint coverage map. What is partner coverage? How can I get more information about network partners? In more remote areas of the country, coverage may be provided by local wireless network partners. Most T‑Mobile plans include a limited amount of data in these areas. Check your plan or see roaming details. Look for the designated partner areas on our map. Signal strength will vary by partner. Not available for prepaid Mobile Internet (tablet and wearable) plans. What is 5G Extended Range and what will it do for me? 5G Extended Range is our low-band 5G network. It makes up the foundation of our nationwide 5G and brings 5G service to big cities, rural towns, and unexpected places in between. We now cover 325 million Americans across 1.9 million square miles with Extended Range 5G! What is 5G Ultra Capacity? Is 5G UC the same thing? 5G UC stands for 5G Ultra Capacity and indicates our mid-band and/or mmWave 5G. This results in a "5G UC" icon displayed on your phone, which means even faster 5G speeds with “Ultra Capacity 5G” are available in the area. In fact, 5G Ultra Capacity can deliver speeds as fast as wi-fi (and sometimes faster) right to your phone. Not only can it give you a perfect balance of far-reaching coverage and super-fast speeds, we have this available in more places than anyone else! What devices work on T-Mobile's 5G Extended Range and 5G Ultra Capacity? Every 5G device we carry today can tap into our 5G Extended Range and 5G Ultra Capacity. How do power shutoffs or natural disasters affect my coverage in California? Service in California may be impacted by temporary Public Safety Power Shutoffs (PSPS) or by events such as storms, fires, and earthquakes. In affected areas, the ability to place or receive calls, send, or receive texts, or access data may be impacted. Check out our California service impact map to see possible affected areas. Map and service info Enter a location or click on the map to check signal strength and coverage information. A capable device and qualifying service are required for a network connection. 5G: Not all 5G devices & signals are compatible; check your device specs. 5G devices may use 4G LTE, 5G Extended Range, and 5G Ultra Capacity signals and dynamically route traffic between the signals to support your connectivity, which could result in instances where your device indicates a connection to one signal type even though you are temporarily utilizing other signals. While 5G access won't require a certain plan or feature, some uses/services might. See Terms and Conditions and Open Internet information for network management details (like video optimization). Map Information: Map approximates anticipated coverage outdoors (including 600Mhz 4G LTE) based on a variety of factors, which may include limited or no coverage areas, and does not guarantee service availability; some data-intensive uses may have decreased functionality in low-bandwidth areas, especially indoors or on the exterior edges of the approximated coverage area. Within coverage areas, network changes, traffic volume, outages, technical limitations, signal strength, your equipment, obstructions, weather and other conditions may interfere with service quality and availability. Some coverage (e.g., Narrowband IoT, millimeter wave 5G) not depicted. Roaming/Partner: Some services within coverage areas are provided by our roaming partners. Certain devices and features may not be compatible with these networks. Your data allotment while roaming may be limited or unavailable on some plans (e.g., plans without unlimited data, IoT, data passes); see your selected service for details. See more about domestic roaming data. We are not responsible for the performance of our service partner's networks. International roaming may incur additional charges and refers to usage outside of the US. Some areas of roaming coverage areas require a multi-band device. Satellite coverage: Voice calling, including to 911, is not supported over satellite at this time. There are circumstances under which text-to-911 service over satellite may not be available or may be limited in comparison to traditional text-to-911 service. Those circumstances may include potential delay in connecting the text-to-911 service, potential inability to determine your location and telephone number, potential consequences of moving into or out of terrestrial coverage during a text exchange, potential inability for your device to connect to the satellite, and potential issues in connecting between satellite and terrestrial networks. Some 911 text messages over satellite may be delivered to an emergency call center, rather than to a traditional 911 answering point. The emergency call center may not be able to contact local emergency authorities or may be delayed in doing so. All satellite messages, including 911 messages, are subject to delivery delays. Important risk factors could cause actual future results and other future events to differ materially from those currently estimated by management, including, but not limited to: the timing and finalization of agreements relating to building out the new network, and the time and costs relating to building out the network. Follow T-Mobile Instagram Facebook X You Tube English Español Even more plans Even more plans International phone plans International passes Home Internet plans Phone and internet bundle package Hotspot data plans Smartwatch data plans Wireless business plans Shop cell phones by brand Shop cell phones by brand Apple iPhones Samsung Galaxy phones Google Pixel phones OnePlus phones T-Mobile REVVL phones Motorola Moto phones New featured cell phones New featured cell phones New Samsung Galaxy S25 New Samsung Galaxy S25 Plus New Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra New Apple iPhone 16 New Apple iPhone 16 Pro Max New Google Pixel 9 Pro New featured tablets, smartwatches & more New featured tablets, smartwatches & more Apple Watch Series 10 46mm Apple Watch Series 10 42mm Google Pixel Watch 3 (45mm) Google Pixel Watch 3 (41mm) T-Mobile SyncUP KIDS Watch 2 Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra 47MM Helpful consumer guides Helpful consumer guides Dialed In Samsung Galaxy S25 vs. S24 Series Samsung Galaxy S25 vs. S25+ vs. S25 Ultra What is RCS & How is it Different Apple iPhone 16 vs. Plus vs. Pro vs. Pro Max T-Mobile customer benefits T-Mobile customer benefits TV streaming deals T-Mobile Tuesdays In-flight wi-fi Refer-a-Friend Device protection plan Protection 360™ HomeTech Switch to T-Mobile Switch to T-Mobile How to switch to T-Mobile Try our 5G network Bring your own device Switch to T-Mobile from Verizon or AT&T Family freedom deal Cell phone trade-in Additional support Additional support View return policy Contact us Billing Emergency Broadband Benefit Free Internet for Students Redeem a rebate Domestic Violence Resources About T-Mobile About T-Mobile Our Story T-Mobile careers Privacy Center Newsroom Corporate Responsibility About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Notice Trust Center Privacy Center Consumer information Public safety/911 Terms & conditions Terms of use Accessibility Open Internet Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Licenses & Patents Consumer Health Data Privacy Notice T-Mobile, the T logo, Magenta and the magenta color are registered trademarks of Deutsche Telekom AG. Instagram Facebook X You Tube © 2025 T‑Mobile USA, Inc.